#Draft 1#

Big Picture Of Things
Liberrouter router is a router except that it’s a router bigger in physical size and capable of running an entire operating system (Ubuntu like flavors such as Debian).

Why did we need to make this specialized router and run an operating system on it?
The routers made usually have certain hardware designs that make it possible for people to hack them and listen to the traffic flowing
through it they are using a specialized hardware under FOSH which does not have any of these shady designs. The operatings systems we
usually run (like normal linux flavors of Debain, Ubuntu and Windows in general) have certain installed programs which can not be 
analyzed by a forensic expert for determining their function. These programs could act as softwares noting down our activity on the
system and send them to third parties such as advertising agencies, big data collectors, governments and hackers.

The linux version (Librerouter) that they run on their specialized router is free of all these shady softwares. In addition, it comes 
with its own application suite of social networking applications, cloud storage applications, video chat applications and email applications. 
These applications are built in a way (decentralized) such that it becomes very difficult for third parties to sniff data out of them 
something that is not the case with our usual equivalents such as Facebook, Google Cloud storage, Gmail, etc.

So if we are interested in protecting our privacy, we would connect to this router so that all our traffic to-and-fro the Internet goes
through this router it would ensure that any sniffing/shady softwares running on our network do not get through to the internet. It 
would also anonymize us so that no one on the internet knows that where the traffic is coming and what exactly is the content of the
traffic.


Question Based On GUI.md

Q1. In diagram 1

  a. what does drill in "click & drill" mean?
    
    i. Is it relevant for me to know what OPTION A and "more suboptions" are in Fig.1.

  b. Should I also know at the moment what the slider on/off button actually switches on/off?

  c. What window follows this first window?

Q2. Could you confirm if most of the configurations required by the GUIs are located in the file app-configuration-script.sh?

Q3. I understand that the firewall GUI would have to change different options or  a combination of options to set up a given configuration. 
For instance, consider the following scenario:
Enable WAN over cable. On this connection, have an anonymous decentralized email and a webmail, an email server, Zeronet ETL , XMPP and
advance monitoring (preferably only DPI). In this case, would you provide me with a matrix of configurations through which I can 
programmatically work out the overall configuration combinations for a required scenario?
Another thing is that certain configurations can not be enabled/disabled in isolation. For instance, If we need to run Advance Monitoring
in the above example, we would have to enable DPI and possibly a few other IDS. So when the user selects Advance Monitoring, should we
automatically enable/disable all the dependent configurations and notify the user?

Q4. Can you exactly specify the configurations needed for the different options in WAN and Wireless WAN settings?

Q5. In the Apps Wizard, certain options span multiple individual options, e.g. Advanced Security, Advanced Monitoring. Can these be 
configured individually or would they have to configured as a collective?

Q6. Where do we go from Categories Firewall Wizard window? Do you know the subsequent configurations that follow given a specific
category selection?

Q7. What do the different boxes on the "Main Menu after Wizard" window represent? Are they buttons? If so, what does each button do?
It is not clear what labels such as "Are  you sure?" refer to. Could you clarify?

Q8. For the window titled "After Wizard Privacy Firewall"
  
  a. Are the different boxes representing input buttons or status boxes?
  b. Say I want to enable JS and Adobe. How do I achieve this? I can’t find any relevant scripts in app-configuration-script.sh.
  
Q9. Where does app-configuration-script.sh reside? On librerouter? If so, where do TOR etc reside? Traffic seems to be routed to them
via iptables and they seem to have local IPs. The impression one gets is that they are running on some other local machine connected
over the LAN. Is this true?

Q10. Are IPs in the range 10.0.0.0/24 and 192.0.0.0/8 taken to be internal (LAN)?

Q11. For this project, would I need to setup librerouter/librekernel locally on my setup?

Q12. app-installation-script.sh carries out a bunch of different installations. Who is supposed to run these installations? 
At the time the Firewall GUI starts, should I assume these installations to have taken place, or should the GUI check for relevant 
modules and return in case of failure?

Q13. Are the GUI windows given GUI.md the only GUI interfaces that the firewall is to have?
If not, could you specify all the windows to be included in the firewall GUI along with their order of occurrence, or possibly a FLOW CHART
covering all different possible scenarios.






